and
a spectacular product is a brand
which I think is said in a mix
it's a mascara that leaves the eyelashes three
times longer and cooler than normal
At this time I already applied it
I have posts
I have a friend the university very
my dear, it's called roger and she started
to sell the products of this brand
yumi and me super recommended the mascara
At first I was a bit like that
because you always see the
propaganda of these mascara is
spectacular is to let these
lashes up to your forehead not those things
very long and when you try it not
you have to see but so much I existed I saw
the pictures of her I saw the pictures
friends of them who had bought the
mascara and I said no this has to
work apart is my friend they are not
lying girls I bought it I got the
last week and the only thing I've used
so far is this precisely for
go out at night because to me at the
night I like to have my eyelashes on
long you know that I do not have anything of
eyelashes I usually use my eyelashes
false but with this product is used
I have stopped using my false eyelashes
I tell you last week that I did not
I put some false eyelashes I do not want
say that I will never use them because
obviously the false eyelashes have
a different aspect can not
buy one is that they are totally
different lashes so it has
natural and sometimes one wants something a
little more dramatic but these are
totally
the best is the look is natural if
you are seeing what you can notice is
a look that nobody is going to realize that
what you have is a lot of
mascara what has different terry mel
is that it comes with some fibers and those
fibers make kong to the area and give more
volume to the tab
then I hope you like it
and let's start the tutorial ok let's
start then I already did one of my
eyes then so that you can
see the difference between one and the other
this one already apply the mascara
I hope you are watching
the rhythm comes in a box and
when we see her
It has some instructions inside
and then two first come not only
big but smaller
i
the big one is the gel
and the boy are the fibers then for
start we take the gel the gel is like
if it was a normal mascara
black
but it's good
but what can you see, let's apply
exactly how we would apply a mascara
in all all in all our
tabs
after applying the gel
let's grab
the fibers
and we're going to apply gel syrup
here you can see the difference of an eye
with two passes of mascara and fibers and one
past gel with fibers this more than one
day look and this is more a look of
night then let's repeat the step
I usually wait a minute and I'll come back
to do to make it more intense
Especially if it's night time then
grabbed the gel again
I apply it
I grab the fiber
and I apply
after passing the fiber I go back to
Apply the gel so that the fibers
stay in place
if they have a little gel on the eyelid
as well as I have I can take it out with a
little bit of makeup remover
ok then this is the final result
here as you can see it I hope what
they are seeing well
Excuse me if I seem to be a little
blind is that I have all the light coming in
of the window behind the camera but
What I wanted to tell you is that the
difference between is this mascara and the
False or false eyelashes is that
when the eyelashes are not always put on
you feel something different in the eyes
you always feel like a little bit
annoyance with this you do not feel
absolutely nothing with this is
totally natural it's as if it will not charge
mascara at all or a mascara
anybody does not do any
difference are spectacular girls are
the super recommend do not stop buying
the use of not to try them and they do it
in your comments below I would like
that the other readers know what
spectacular that is I know that your
comments are going to be positive is
impossible that you do not like this mascara is
too spectacular at least
like to have long eyelashes or thing
very full if that is the case I do not know
buy but if you love that
those long pull tabs vibrate like
these
this is the mascara for you
I'm going to leave the link below for the one who
want to buy
and I hope they do
thanks for watching the video and see you in
the next one that has 160 days